with friends from youtube or three I do not know that
in the world of video games and today I'm going
to make a video to show them how
make your own skin for nintendo 3ds
so let's start
and good before starting first which is
a skin that I have diverted you there with that
ask what are skins
many others have not but good
I show this is a skin that you see here
these here are all skins
normally you find this in
any store where they sell
obviously a 3ds do not generate 3d it
find in any store but what
happens if you want to make your own ski
is not a personalized one and only you
let's say you have super ideas of your
head and you would like to have a corner
well but you do not find it that way
as you would have a shop for
easy here to see how they can do
their own has no problems
Well the first thing we are is the
photoshop and these two forms that the
I will leave in the description for
download good as I said before one
you can make your own corner that
avoiding it and all that is super editable
this just create a layer put it under
of this image and that 's it
basically it's already done and they can edit it
that they want they can put in what
want from look from a simple
image how are we going to do the test here
from a picture seat they can place
there
until you create your own design
make this your own designs
it's pretty good you can use
simply an image in the image that
more like they place it and it's already
now this image here is the
basically where are the cameras the
part of above since it is the later
here we could put simply I do not know
if it is in this case they simply place
this lead fund do not have to place
nothing else and so basically it 's towards
an easy and simple corner like them
I say from a simple image place a
simple picture as well as just like me
I did
You can even create your own bone design
anyone can create their own design
using pokémons or the game that
love of you as you want
as you want as I say
can use from a simple
image
until what can come out of your
imagination is what I tell them good me
once you have the design made of my
own skin then let's move on to the
Next steps
patagones
good what we do now once
we already have our images is to print
and where we should print then there
is the case what we can do would be
easier to print this on paper
sticker that you can find it in
any library and if your printer does not
admit this paper or you do not have do not use
that what you can go to do is go to
some printing and that you print it not
It's going to cost a lot and also follows a
premium 130 you will have more quality and
clarity that's clear you carry
your files can
psd editable from photoshop but now
they say that I felt bad to download in
a sticker paper and that's it
well I hope you liked this
video make a video of how to do this
the same thing between xl is exactly what
same
and then I'm going to make a video of how
paste how we're going to do to paste and
all that and how it will end at the end
so good I say goodbye